Dominique Pozo: Hi, can you hear me.
Martin Price: Yeah yeah
Great.
Dominique Pozo: How's it going,
Martin Price: Not too bad kind of switched from
Martin Price: Like the title was a
Martin Price: relapse prevention group or something like that, then it switched to her thing, so I thought maybe they gave me the wrong number. But it didn't.
Dominique Pozo: Oh. Oh.
Martin Price: It's just the same number every week or I
Martin Price: Mean I know I can admit the clinic, but
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, no, this isn't the same number. Sometimes, sometimes I use this room today. I did but it typically changes every, every week.
Martin Price: Okay. All right.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. So how are you doing
Martin Price: Thanks. You're going better. I'm not beat myself up as much and
Oh, great.
Martin Price: I don't know, I, my house refinance went through and so that'll help me pay tax bills and get
Martin Price: You know, a lot of debt paid off and everything. It's I'm just kind of
Martin Price: It's just kind of ridiculous. I'm 60 years old and I'm kind of starting all over again. But, you know, certainly don't have any savings. Yeah, so about half a Bitcoin so
Martin Price: Yeah, I mean I work and work and work on that, you know, the negative voice that we talked about last week, and it
Martin Price: I think I guess, for the most part, I'm just like down on myself for you know squandering so much money in
Mm hmm.
Martin Price: I mean, I didn't squander it all out of it was from my daughter's treatment center but
Martin Price: You know, I just
Martin Price: spent money as if I was still making it, I guess, you know, and I wasn't
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: I just like
Martin Price: Living with my daughter, who has schizophrenia is
Martin Price: It's really hard and I kind of realized that I don't know if I'm
Martin Price: Anybody who I was married to hit
Martin Price: Like wrote it out with with that with her in the house, you know,
Martin Price: It was just
Martin Price: difficult situation so
Mm hmm.
Martin Price: And that helps me forgive you know
Martin Price: Because it's just the circumstances.
Dominique Pozo: Are you open to a reflection from me.
Yeah, sure.
Dominique Pozo: When I heard when you initially started the session and said, it's just ridiculous that I'm 60 years old and kind of starting over again. I, I was wondering if Oh is that his dad's voice again kind of shaming him or or
Martin Price: But I mean, it's the truth, but it's
Martin Price: It's not helping me to keep beating myself up about it.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I hear I hear kind of maybe the disappointment and grief around recognizing where you're at, at this point, and
Martin Price: Financially, and
Dominique Pozo: I think hearing, hearing you kind of judge yourself as it's ridiculous that it's like I like my whole being went out, like, you know, to just hear you know I think it's more self talk. I'm just reflecting back which you're probably
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: It's just built into me. I don't
Martin Price: Know why just like this.
Martin Price: Lack of self love and self acceptance.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I think.
Dominique Pozo: You know, to, to maybe move it in to not deny that that's what you're thinking. But maybe to move it into a more generative space my invitation is to think of, okay, you're having this thought because you need blank so
Dominique Pozo: Would it be helpful if I pulled up a list of some universal needs, like many needs and you can because that's, that's actually how in compassionate communication, whether it's to another or communicating to self. That's what we do when we have a kind of a, what's the word I'm
Dominique Pozo: Like a complaint about someone or something, then it's really looking deeper at okay that's coming up, because there's these needs that are not being met. So I'm going to pull up the needs chart here.
Dominique Pozo: So what I heard you say was, it's ridiculous that you are
Dominique Pozo: At 60 year in this financial predicament. And I'm thinking, okay, he's judging it as ridiculous because he has certain needs. So let's see.
Dominique Pozo: That maybe aren't being fully met
Dominique Pozo: By himself.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: So, so think of that statement, you know, that is what you said and kind of the disappointment that you're may be experiencing in yourself and then
Dominique Pozo: This is where the empathy comes in. So, okay, I'm feeling this way because here's some needs. I have. So see, maybe if you want to get a pen and we're going to do something. It's called mind mapping. So if you want to get a blank piece of paper and
Dominique Pozo: The slice that piece of paper with the pen and hash mark into four quadrants. So you have the space to do to really give room for, for sure. Let's start with four. Maybe we'll do eight. But let's start with four
Martin Price: And then what
Dominique Pozo: So choose for for needs. So when you think about where you want to be at this point in your life and you're not there, financially, it's because you need what and choose for these words.
Dominique Pozo: And we can choose more if more of them resonate. Let's just start with four
Martin Price: quadrants.
Dominique Pozo: Yes, in the middle in the center of the quadrant.
Martin Price: Choose them all.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, they're all so important. Right.
Dominique Pozo: And we can do more with these words, for sure. Let's just start here.
Martin Price: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so, which ones did you choose.
Martin Price: Anything to do with the money, but I just chose six acceptance affection companionship and nurturing
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. That's a great place to start. So acceptance nurturing companionship and what was the other one.
Dominique Pozo: Affection affection. Okay. So have you ever done mind mapping where you start with one word and then you don't even think you just make like a little hash mark and whatever, like say say
Dominique Pozo: I'll give you an example with another word like beauty for me. Okay. So say I have beauty in the center of the paper.
Dominique Pozo: I'll do a hash mark and I'll put flowers and I'll put garden, and I'll put sunshine.
Dominique Pozo: Then I'll put warmth and I'll put embrace and you just like you kind of let your mind. Loosen with what the associations are to certain words. And let me show you on a piece of paper to what it would look like. So when you've
Dominique Pozo: Got a blank piece of paper.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: So what did I say beauty. Okay so beauty. So flower.
Dominique Pozo: Garden.
Dominique Pozo: Sunshine.
Dominique Pozo: So here's just a very brief example here. Can you see what I've done so.
Martin Price: Okay.
Martin Price: Just start with one of these words.
Dominique Pozo: Gosh. Alright, so sorry, Martin. I don't know what happened. I just got completely bumped off.
Martin Price: Yeah, I think it's like we lost her internet connection or something.
Dominique Pozo: Totally so. Okay. Did you get the gist of it. So you're, you're basically letting your mind go from the, the original word and just let the different associations happen and
Dominique Pozo: You fall, you can
Dominique Pozo: Fill that those squares up so just let your mind really go
Dominique Pozo: Does that make sense.
Martin Price: Like I just said you
Dominique Pozo: Know, I can't, a little bit. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Dominique Pozo: nurturing, caring supporting helping yeah and keep keep going with that. Like maybe go off of support and see what comes and then helping and it's going to end up looking like this. This
Dominique Pozo: spider web almost, you know, with all these lines and marks and really let your mind be loose, even if it's something strange like maybe you helped some work. And so from helping you put her name and then maybe her name reminds you of something, whatever comes
Martin Price: Up the words that you like I would start coming off of these other words I put on here. You mean
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Wherever you feel moved whatever wherever you see a word that's really alive for you that like
Dominique Pozo: stirs up other thoughts or memories. Just keep keep kind of drawing from those
Martin Price: Like when I look at it, it's
Martin Price: It's like I'm looking for someone to take care of me.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Martin Price: I guess I feel like I'm
Martin Price: You know, I'm like in those mindsets, where
Martin Price: You know, you're not going to get any help from anybody else. And everybody is like just
Martin Price: wants money and or wants something from you and
Martin Price: And yet, like deep down what I'm looking for somebody to support and help me, which was
Martin Price: Like today. It was pretty amazing that this
Martin Price: My virtual girlfriend or whatever went and looked at a place in Janesville for me.
Dominique Pozo: Oh,
Martin Price: Uh huh. That was really nice of her. You know,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that's it. Was it hard to receive
Martin Price: Um, you know, like a part of me is like, Oh my God, she's like so aggressive, you know, and then it's like I build so many
Martin Price: Negative things into what people say or do.
Martin Price: You know the event or that I'm not worthy of it or
Martin Price: You know,
Martin Price: That's like a pretty forward thing to do or something.
Dominique Pozo: So there is a there is a judgment there cost was that, do you think that was your dad's voice again.
Martin Price: Yeah, it's like here's somebody like she's
Martin Price: Come across like just, you know, say like out of the blue. I really like you. And, you know,
Martin Price: Maybe if things work out. I can stay at your place every other week and things like that. And then, you know, instead of
Martin Price: I mean, I was happy about that. It was just kind of funny because it
Martin Price: Like I was climbing up the ski hill and just, I don't know. We hadn't talked or something. And I was, I was probably feeling kind of down or something and then I got to the top and you know I finally had signal. And she said, this really
Martin Price: You know she kind of busted a move or whatever is they say, well,
Martin Price: You won't just have weekends I have every other week off and I'd like to, you know,
Martin Price: Be with you and everything and we haven't met yet.
Martin Price: And
Dominique Pozo: Oh wait, I don't understand that you were up ski mountain with her.
Martin Price: No, I, I was climbing to the top of the ski hill and like you get to the top and you're just really tired and I just kind of felt rejected and then all of a sudden I read that and it was like
Martin Price: Oh wow, this is awesome. You know, here's somebody who really wants to be with you and
Martin Price: Yeah, and I guess I'm really, I'm kind of looking for someone
Martin Price: I'm like, I'm, I'm kind of jaded by I'm looking for someone and wants to, like, take care of me or help me to it just feels like
Martin Price: I've spent my whole adult life doing that with, you know, trying to help women at at least financially and
Martin Price: She's not rich by any means, but she seems like she's very caring, you know, and wants to help
Dominique Pozo: So it sounds like a big opportunity to let something new in where you're actually been supported as well. It's there's a reciprocity happening. You're not. You're not the hero and the rescuer all the time.
Martin Price: Yeah, I kind of felt like that, and especially my second marriage. I just was always like bending over backwards. It seemed to help
Martin Price: move her chair like throwing out my back and just like I was always, I don't know how I always felt like I was like the Savior person or I just had to be the go to guy that was going to
Martin Price: Make sure everything happened, you know,
Martin Price: And I talked to my sponsor back in
Martin Price: Janesville today and we're both kind of out of a construction background and it's just
Martin Price: You know, it's just kind of like this mindset where if you don't do it, it won't get done and like this movie will turn into a just a big shit show or, you know, it's like you have to be the guy that steps up and makes it all work and makes it all happen.
Martin Price: And
Dominique Pozo: A big
Dominique Pozo: So it sounds like it's a big paradigm shift where you've been doing the kind of work that you've been involved in a the reality that you've had. It's like you're, you've got to take
Dominique Pozo: Or do. You've got to make things happen you know maybe being invited to relax into receiving a bit
Martin Price: Yeah, it's like
Martin Price: I could. Um, I almost can't even imagine someone else like taking care of me, you know,
Dominique Pozo: We'll take a moment. Imagine that. What does it feel like, close your eyes. Close your eyes. I'm going to paint a picture. So what's this woman's name.
Martin Price: April.
Dominique Pozo: April. Okay. So imagine that
Be
Martin Price: It's a
Martin Price: It's a real
Dominique Pozo: Have you, I just want to know, Have you met her yet or
Martin Price: No, it's all been on like checks and we haven't even done a zoom meeting, like we're scared to because yeah ray that will there'll be some turn off or something, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Oh, so you haven't even seen her yet.
Martin Price: Yeah, I just photos and stuff.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: Okay, I haven't seen her in person. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Well, just imagine, whether it's April or another woman that you really are into
Dominique Pozo: Imagine that she actually
Dominique Pozo: She made dinner for you. You come you come back, you've been working or you've won out for you know you went up the mountain.
Dominique Pozo: And if you can close your eyes and really visionless, you know, then this person has they've made food for you and
Dominique Pozo: They've actually also run a bath for you. They want to offer you some something to so that you can take care of yourself. So after either this long day at work or using your body physically
Dominique Pozo: You know, you can get in the bath. Well, they finished dinner and they're actually nurturing you and just let yourself. Imagine you know what does that feel like
Dominique Pozo: In your body and your emotional body.
Martin Price: I have a hard time even connecting with it, you know, or even imagining it.
Dominique Pozo: So you can't imagine that
Martin Price: Like, I remember. Towards the end of my second marriage like things are getting really rocky and Pam would do.
Martin Price: Things every once in a while when she was trying to, like, I guess, smooth things over like help me fold my laundry or
Martin Price: You know, make a nice dinner.
Martin Price: Thing in it.
Martin Price: I was
Martin Price: Like really, I was grateful for it, but
Martin Price: It never seemed like it was going to be
Martin Price: Constant or anything. It just seemed like it was kind of a one off or something.
Dominique Pozo: So it's hard to imagine
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Have you did. Did your mother was she nurturing to
Martin Price: She had kind of a hard time because like my dad was like, I'm sure that alcoholic tyrant and
Martin Price: And I was like, kind of an unplanned kid and I was way younger than my oldest I was at home alone.
Martin Price: As my mom and dad were older and anyway, he just he wanted all of my mom's attention when he got home and she would kind of rat out what all the kids have done that day. You know, so you'd have this kind of
Martin Price: Somewhat nurturing mom during the day when dad was gone. And then my dad came back home. She
Martin Price: switched sides and was
Dominique Pozo: Hmm.
Martin Price: You know, had to follow his well
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Um, I mean what's coming to mind when I hear this is I'm wondering if you've ever really had an experience of being nurtured.
Dominique Pozo: Sufficiently where you can you can let it happen.
Dominique Pozo: If you haven't, you know, if you've never had it. You don't even I'm hearing you might not know what it's even like. So how can you even imagine.
Martin Price: Oh I all I know is how to try and do like special things for
Martin Price: Women, or people you know it's usually most money.
Dominique Pozo: Well, this. I'm just going to say take it with a grain of salt, but it, it kind of makes me think of, you know,
Dominique Pozo: The behavior of a child in an alcoholic family of just wanting to please everyone, so that things are okay, whether it's
Dominique Pozo: Pleasing mom so
Dominique Pozo: That she can keep loving you, because things are kind of on edge with that already, and not upsetting dad so no one gets yelled at, or hit and
Dominique Pozo: I think this is really, it's the seems like it's old old material to work where
Martin Price: It is
Martin Price: And it's he was just very critical, you know, and like
Martin Price: You know, my mom would promise you do this or that for us. And then he would like, shut it all down, you know, and
Martin Price: I don't know if I got like a sense of it. They ended men or something. But I just always yeah I guess I've always felt like I've had to be like this. People pleasers.
Martin Price: And then this the last year that relationship with Michelle was just a disaster. You know, because
Martin Price: She recognized that in me and then so she would just start reading more stories about how difficult dire straits were, you know, and
Dominique Pozo: Sounds. It sounds very manipulative to me.
Martin Price: Yeah, she just wanted more money and
Martin Price: And then April just seems really
Martin Price: Just seems carry you know
Dominique Pozo: So, this is this is this to me, speaks to health that you're actually opening up to a different experience something that may not be familiar and something that is, you know, connected to your needs to be nurtured.
Martin Price: Yeah, I definitely like have a hard time feeling like I deserve it or anything, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, yeah. So that seems like a big piece to work on.
Martin Price: I care about these people like they talk about, you know, in group with the one lady out her boyfriend or whatever it takes care of her, and the husband takes care of her. And it's like, wow, you know, it just sounds so idyllic you know
Dominique Pozo: Who this is in group.
Martin Price: Yeah yeah
Martin Price: Hmm, Angelica Angelica,
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. Okay, well, so what about that is appealing to you.
Martin Price: Somebody loves you and cares about you, you know,
Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: Well, it sounds like you're open to the possibility of this with April.
Martin Price: If I am I just, you know, it's very hard to accept as real, I guess you'd say,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: Do you want to keep working with
Dominique Pozo: It's what you want. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Yeah. And I think if anything gets in the way of you receiving. It's the self worth piece.
Martin Price: Yeah, just like
Martin Price: You know,
Martin Price: I'd be cynical about it or
Martin Price: Hmm, you know,
Martin Price: Nobody would ever do that for you, you know,
Martin Price: I mean, that was pretty nice. We like drove an hour to go check this place out
Dominique Pozo: I almost want to do a little more empty chair around that cynical voice that says, you know, no one would do that for you.
Dominique Pozo: But that's the whole process. What do you, what, what would you what
Dominique Pozo: What would serve you most to keep maybe just sticking on this dialogue that we're having or move to the words again or do an empty chair piece around this voice that says, no one would do that for you.
Martin Price: Probably the thing I want to do least
Dominique Pozo: Which is which one
Martin Price: Yes.
Martin Price: The chair. Yes.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, let's do it. Martin.
Dominique Pozo: So there's a few options.
Dominique Pozo: You can be that voice of, you know,
Dominique Pozo: No one's going to do that for you or who's good who would do that for you. And you can become that voice and I can role play as you
Dominique Pozo: Or you can imagine that voice in a chair. Just imagine that the critics there and you can speak to it and then start to kind of reverse roles or
Martin Price: I do the previous one.
Dominique Pozo: You want to be the voice.
Martin Price: Well, I like the idea of you.
Martin Price: Taking on one of the roles.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Okay, so why don't
Dominique Pozo: Why don't you be that voice. And I'm going to just be Martin. I'm going to be you the full Marty, who's here right now.
Dominique Pozo: Who's been sharing this whole time and you if you can extract yourself and maybe sit in another chair and become that critical voice that says, you know, who would do that for you know it's going to do that for you.
Dominique Pozo: And just keep going, just, you know, Lay it on me give you say all the things you want to say, and I'm gonna do my best to engage with it.
Martin Price: Using you and she's just trying to be nice to you right now and
Martin Price: Last, and why would you think that somebody would love you and want to take care of you and
Martin Price: You know,
Martin Price: You can eat the only person you can depend on is yourself.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I'm ready to open up and I'm hearing a lot of concern on your end, I hear that and I'm listening. I also hear fear.
Dominique Pozo: And wondering what you're afraid of
Dominique Pozo: I'm talking to the critic.
Yeah.
Martin Price: And I mean, just to give you some background he that's like the way he was raised, you know, he his dad laughed and his mom.
Martin Price: Like
Martin Price: He had to become the man of the household or whatever. At age.
Martin Price: 10 or 12 and then she remarried and they sent him off to military school and
Martin Price: So I think that's why he
Martin Price: Had the attitude he did, you know,
Dominique Pozo: And that's so much information mighty about how you know having empathy for your dad like look where he came from. He couldn't trust.
Dominique Pozo: People, his father, like the one the, you know, the king of the house left and how, how could we, how could one trust anyone that came leads you know it's like oh my gosh
Dominique Pozo: Who's gonna hold this up. Okay. I guess I have to, I don't know how to do this. And a lot of fighter flight I imagine you know a lot of being in a survival mode.
Martin Price: Yeah, and I think I just left him.
Martin Price: So like he idolized my mom and she was like this kind of pious
Martin Price: You know, really into the environment and like a mushroom hunter and she was, you know, tried to round us all up and get us go to church and nobody wanted to and especially my dad and
Martin Price: Yeah, he would just come home and
Martin Price: Like we would all flee and he would sit in this chair upstairs and smoke. These filter list pall malls and pound down like whiskey sours you know
Martin Price: Well, and
Martin Price: Yeah, and so he just
Martin Price: He was just super critical
And it
Martin Price: And so when times get rough for me like
Martin Price: I went for a long time.
Martin Price: Yeah, I'd like 16 years of clean time and everything, everything was going well as married making a lot of money and I just don't remember being all that bothered by this voice, you know, then when the shit hits the fan and you know you get divorced lose your job.
Martin Price: Better get schizophrenia, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that's a lot compounded
Martin Price: Yeah. And then I think like last year, I tried to, like, I really did care about Michelle and I was really trying to take care of her, you know, and show her that
Martin Price: There is
Martin Price: You know this possibility of having someone who really
Martin Price: Cares about
Martin Price: Riley.
Dominique Pozo: I don't know. Hi. I were in a private session. I don't know how you got this number I'm
Dominique Pozo: Going to remove you okay
Martin Price: Guess I forget what I've seen now.
Dominique Pozo: Well, you said you were taking care of Michelle, and I'm trying to call
Martin Price: Yeah, like I was trying to show her that you know it cuz she said she'd been beaten intermarriage and she left with the clothes on her back and all that.
Martin Price: And so I was trying to show her that, you know, there was good people, good man left in the world. And you know, I really made the effort to start taking care of her, but it just to her. It turned into like this.
Martin Price: You know, I just want more and more and more. You know, it's just ever
Martin Price: Saw does anything that that
Martin Price: I don't think I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: Well, let's go back to you. So I mean, something that I'm seeing could be very more
Dominique Pozo: separate yourself from your dad, you know, and really continue this is going to be like a constant prayer to yourself like I am me. That's my dad. He is not me. This is, you know, we are two separate people we've had two separate experiences and
Dominique Pozo: And continuing to you know get clear and refined well who am I, you know, who is Marty and, you know, remembering where do I come from. What had I had, where do I want to go all the thing
Martin Price: A big part of me swung in the absolute other direction, you know, and I just was not much of a disciplinary and with my kids or my dogs and I
Martin Price: You know, I was normally the one do well. I was always the one to apologize, like in my second marriage that's just what I did. You know, I didn't want to. I hated
Martin Price: I hated it. When we got in a fight, you know, and so I just would always apologize and
Dominique Pozo: What just happened.
Martin Price: I was trying to figure out where I was going with all that it just
Martin Price: It.
Martin Price: Yeah, it just seems like someone who didn't believe they're worthy of love isn't good enough, have the confidence to like stand up to his wife and
Martin Price: You know cuz then when I started doing that towards the end she like
Martin Price: She couldn't handle it at all. You know, so I hadn't been that way for like
Martin Price: You know 16 years and then all of a sudden I started taking all the therapists advice and started standing up for myself that didn't go over very well.
Martin Price: She said she didn't deserve to be treated like that.
Dominique Pozo: I wonder if it was the delivery, you know, because I
Martin Price: Was in a therapy session. I mean the guy said I was being very civil about it, but she just made up her mind that
Martin Price: I know I think she just made up her mind that
Martin Price: It was either her or my daughter and that she was going to move out and wait for me to go get help and turn out the way she wanted me to be, you know,
Dominique Pozo: What this
Martin Price: Was your plan.
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: You know that's didn't go that way I was. I just felt like she could at least
Martin Price: Said, Okay, well, I know I have issues to or something that weren't with her was just all
Martin Price: I was the I was totally in the wrong and she wasn't
Dominique Pozo: Well, it sounds to me that
Dominique Pozo: It may be have been in your best to not still be in this relationship because it doesn't sound very supportive to helping you break these patterns.
Martin Price: And, but, I mean,
Martin Price: It was a really difficult situation that
Martin Price: Work having a kid with schizophrenia, just if it's not your kid it's practically impossible to live with them, you know,
Martin Price: Yeah, so I got that part.
Dominique Pozo: So let's keep. Let's go back to the empty chair work.
Dominique Pozo: Are there any last things you have to say critic before we
Martin Price: End. You need to get out this stupid buprenorphine and get your shit together and stop being such a victim and
Martin Price: You know,
Martin Price: If you want any semblance of a normal life. You need to like
Martin Price: Stop taking buprenorphine and
Martin Price: So that you can work or something.
Martin Price: More clear headed
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I mean I really see and get how much you're looking after me. So I appreciate that and
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I'm playing, I'm playing your role. So I'm wondering when that voice says that, what do you, I'm going to pull up the needs chart again. What do you think that voice is really like what do they want for you.
Dominique Pozo: When you, when they say you know you need to get off the buprenorphine get clear headed and what is it that they, what's the need their
Martin Price: Name to me. I
Martin Price: Think that that's like tough love you know that
Martin Price: Is actually really trying to help.
Dominique Pozo: Because what did they, what does he want you to have to look on this list. And if you can name two things. What
Dominique Pozo: What does he want you to have
Martin Price: Honesty like authenticity integrity and presence.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, let's see Mike really valuable things so
Dominique Pozo: And that's what the critic wants for you. How do you see yourself getting to this place.
Martin Price: To keep trying to taper. I mean, I have cut back and I think I can keep doing it.
Martin Price: I'm running at a super high dose. I don't really feel like I'm
Martin Price: Muddle headed except for sometimes in the morning. I feel kind of like hung over something
Uh huh.
Martin Price: But
Martin Price: You know, I worry that if they if and when they ever start drug testing where I work. We turn into an issue. I don't know if it were no
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. I mean two things that I'm hearing that, you know, you're needing this maybe some patients, you know, the tapering process doesn't happen overnight.
Dominique Pozo: So some patience with yourself and then to be understood, you know, under to to be heard by this critical voice around what's important to you to, you know,
Martin Price: I mean I feel like I'm functioning pretty well.
Martin Price: That's important to me. Uh huh. I don't feel like I'm being like
Martin Price: Some out of control addict or something. I feel like I'm trying to be responsible and
Martin Price: Keep limiting my dose and trying to ratchet it down.
Martin Price: Which I've found it's pretty hard to do when you're alone and working
Martin Price: You know, it just to tell you the truth it
Martin Price: It definitely helps the physical pain, but it just don't also
Martin Price: Kind of motivates me or for some reason. That's just what it does to me. It makes me want to get work done.
Martin Price: So that's when I sort of like gravitate to it.
Dominique Pozo: I something I'm hearing is acknowledgment, you need some acknowledgement about what you are doing, you know, it's easy to pick apart all the things you're not doing. And I'm wondering, did your dad. Was it hard for him to give you praise or any of the
Martin Price: It was the bar would always be raised.
Martin Price: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So this is, this is so I mean you probably already aware of this, but it's coming out so clearly that you know this. You really swallowed so much of your dad and
Dominique Pozo: And what you are needing with some acknowledgement. So at this point, your dad's not going to be giving it to you unless he's still alive. I don't think he is.
Martin Price: He died a long time ago.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, so
Martin Price: My brother scan that he's like pretty shut down to, because just pretty and but he's very bitter about my dad.
Martin Price: And yeah, it really kind of shut him down to
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it sounds like it was very damaging. So what I'm imagining is that the work for you is to keep acknowledging all that you are doing without being in denial, you know, of course, there's always work. There's work for forever.
Dominique Pozo: Yet, a big part of continuing to grow that confidence and self worth, is to acknowledge what you are doing.
Martin Price: And I mean I'm definitely making
Martin Price: Really good money and I'm saving and
Martin Price: You know, taking the right actions. Now to
Martin Price: Compensate for 2019, I guess.
Martin Price: It's, I don't
Martin Price: feel really good about it. But I, I, you know,
Martin Price: I definitely try and catch myself and say, Dude, you're doing, you know, the only thing that you're really
Martin Price: doing wrong is the buprenorphine. It's like everything else you're
Martin Price: You're trying to do your best and make everything work.
Dominique Pozo: Being responsible. That's something that I hear that you are
Dominique Pozo: Actually taking responsibility for the adults in your life, you're doing it.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, and
Dominique Pozo: I think I'm just going to keep challenging that the buprenorphine is a bad thing. You know, this is kind of like a bridge. It's a bridge to get you from, you know, being hooked up and
Whatever you're
Dominique Pozo: Not
Dominique Pozo: Yet a pain pill. So this is a bridge, you know, you've got to cross it it's, I mean, as you know, with opiates. If it's and as I've witnessed. It's almost impossible to just quit quit cold turkey and not relapse pretty quickly afterwards if someone isn't doing the work you know the psychological
Martin Price: Thing and everything.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, this takes time. So I'm just going to invite you to view the buprenorphine as a bridge and and check in. When you judge it as you know this this thing that you're ashamed of, or that's bad.
Martin Price: Well, I did see
Martin Price: There was some girl only seen her once she had gotten down to like half a milligram every other day or something and
Dominique Pozo: I wonder if that was, yeah. I wonder who that was.
Martin Price: Like driving in her car and sharing in a meeting, I only saw it once, but
Martin Price: You know, internet.
Martin Price: I think is trying
Dominique Pozo: Oh yeah, how to turn that really well. Yep. And
Martin Price: Then I'm like, Well, you're on only
Martin Price: four milligrams instead of 24 so that's good.
Martin Price: I just, you know, not only does it
Martin Price: Like
Martin Price: It helps with the hip and back pain, but it also just makes me feel better. I don't know.
Martin Price: That's it any differently than that. I like the way it makes me feel
Yeah.
Martin Price: I don't know.
Martin Price: But I, yeah, that's one of the main things I beat myself up over that and my financial predicament, and then
Martin Price: Just kind of trail of carnage for for the last three years, you know,
Martin Price: Some of it was my thoughts. I'm a bit fuzzy.
Dominique Pozo: So what I'm curious. I'm going to, I want to go back to those words. What are the three other words, can you remind me. We did the nurturing
Martin Price: Acceptance affection companionship and nurturing
Dominique Pozo: Can you work on acceptance, a little bit. Would you be willing to mind map a little bit on that one and see how much you can fill that quadrant.
Martin Price: Don't know what you mean by that means like, here's a little quadrant. I grew up and I put all the words in the middle of it. I don't think that's what you meant.
Dominique Pozo: I meant, excuse me, I meant put one word in the middle of each quadrant. So you have that space like you've got a whole quarter of the page devoted to acceptance and you have a whole quarter of the page devoted to nurturing and, you know, does that make sense.
Martin Price: So like pretty accepting cheer and nurturing. There are, you probably can't see.
Dominique Pozo: It. Yeah.
Martin Price: Acceptance here and nurturing over there.
Dominique Pozo: Yes. Pardon me. I meant the middle. I meant one word per quadrant in the middle of that particular quarter of the page. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: And yeah, and really, if you can fill up for the one
Dominique Pozo: That goes to the acceptance, because it seems like that's a lot of what you're touching
Martin Price: That come to mind.
Dominique Pozo: Can you see me.
Martin Price: I can hear you now.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I don't know what's going on, but we we only have about five minutes left, so I'm just going to leave my my video off.
Dominique Pozo: So, so how did that go with the acceptance.
Martin Price: One branch, it kind of went to like self praise and self love and another branch was like
Martin Price: Loved by someone else and cared for by someone else.
Martin Price: It's kind of like
Martin Price: I guess I only feel
Martin Price: Like I'm worthy if someone else is like loving being caring for me.
Dominique Pozo: Well that makes me think, and tell me how this lands for you. It may not be accurate, but it just makes me think that there's still a very young part that
Dominique Pozo: Is needing to believe that they are worthy and you, you know, you seem to be reaching to someone else and that's what kids do. That's what children do.
Dominique Pozo: So, you know, this is the word
Martin Price: To validate you
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. And this is, this is what working with the inner child is all about. It's like, yes, it is. We are we are interdependent beings, we are relational by nature yet.
Dominique Pozo: In the end, it's like we I think we got to learn how to do this for ourselves. And then when
Dominique Pozo: Someone else does it, it's like that's icing on the cake. That's great. That feels good. But at this point, as an adult, it's like really learning how to do it in it, then you're doing it you know you're you are here showing up to work on that self worth piece.
Martin Price: Yeah, I've done a lot of work on it. It's
Martin Price: It's really hard.
Martin Price: Yeah, just like, for some reason, it just gets ingrained in you and then it's
Martin Price: It's like just party or programming or something.
Dominique Pozo: Well, that's what it is they're neural pathways. I mean, you're totally naming it their pathways in the brain that have been carved out from a young age, and they're so deep. They're like,
Dominique Pozo: You know, they're like the house that Canyon under the house bridge, they're deep. And so it's making new ones as the hard work and they don't start that deep. At first, they are like little Arroyo's that
Dominique Pozo: That are beginning to form and it takes time for them to become those deep pathways that is the first go to
Martin Price: Yeah.
You know,
Martin Price: Yeah, I can see that it's just
Martin Price: You know, I probably maybe I should have abstained from trying to find a girlfriend back in Janesville, but I was getting kind of lonely on weekends and wasn't having much luck.
Martin Price: You know, finding guys to hang out with, and
Martin Price: Anyway, so it just went on from there we'll see what happens. Well,
Dominique Pozo: I mean, I'm just going to validate that this is a new opportunity. You're giving yourself to receive you know whether April is the, the, the one down the line or she's
Dominique Pozo: Yet another teacher that's reflected back to you. That is really worthwhile. Yeah, I don't want to discourage or judge what you're doing. I think that you've done it. And here it is. So, you know, how can you make the best of it, whatever this ends up being
Martin Price: Yeah, I just because my what I was doing was like working most weekends to so that I could have a trip back home of over a weekend of four days, you know,
Martin Price: When I don't really need to come home.
Martin Price: As much and I wanted to find somebody to hang out with them weekends.
Martin Price: So that's what I did.
Dominique Pozo: Well,
Dominique Pozo: So just to summarize what you've touched on today. What are you taking away with you, like, what are the takeaways.
Dominique Pozo: From the session.
Martin Price: It's always the
Martin Price: The message is, you know, I'm seeking external validation
And
Martin Price: You know that I gotta find that within and
Martin Price: I've just never really done that.
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: You know, there's a part of me that just says, Okay, who doesn't seek external validation
Dominique Pozo: We all do it. It's just keeping things in check and balance like
Martin Price: Yeah, doing it in a balanced way.
Yeah.
Martin Price: So I think I've been doing fairly well with that.
Martin Price: definitely learned a lesson with Michelle, so I'm not gonna lead with my wallet again and
Martin Price: I don't know, it's just like
Martin Price: The next five years are going to be pretty interesting.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I'm really going to invite you, you know, you have this dynamic with April and it sounds like she's a generous and willing person. I wonder what her motivations are, you know, that's
Dominique Pozo: And I'm not saying that, you know, she's out to get something I'm thinking, you know, maybe she carries something similar people pleasing, who knows.
Martin Price: You know, so I me
Dominique Pozo: So I'm going to invite you to to experience what it is to receive and and and really reflect on you know what nourishment feels like what it is to receive
Martin Price: You'd be pretty cool.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, yeah. You're I I see that you're doing something different, which is, I think, if a pattern that you were, you know, had in place wasn't working to be doing something different sounds very healthy to me.
Martin Price: Which is what
Martin Price: What am I doing this different
Dominique Pozo: Um, it sounds like you're you're you're being open to the possibility that somebody can give to you. You don't have to be the one to give
Martin Price: Oh yeah, yeah, that's a good point.
Martin Price: It seems
Martin Price: Like really far fetched, but
Martin Price: It does happen.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, yeah. Well, let's see what goes on in the next two weeks I'm, I'm looking at my calendar here and
Dominique Pozo: How does this time at
Dominique Pozo: Let me see. Hold on.
Martin Price: Yeah, may 11
Dominique Pozo: On the 11th. Yeah, this time on the 11th. How does that work for you.
Martin Price: Very good. I mean, in the middle.
Martin Price: Of moving back there.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. So I'm
Martin Price: Pm Mountain Standard Time.
Dominique Pozo: 6pm Mountain Standard Time.
Martin Price: Alright, well thank you
Dominique Pozo: Okay, Martin. Have a great evening and Sia CNN group. This week, but I have you on the 11th. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, sounds great.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Okay. Bye bye.